just finished training with
michael belly let's do one
chat about what it is
the experience of withdrawal with the first one
team is going great I would say yes
is going well at the beginning I was very
excited to be here in retreat is a
dream come true toe let's say mass there
we work so much since we are
even smaller we have to work of
more than the others to prove are
so many great champions and we have to
learn from them
you expected the coach to do it for you
called to be aggregated to the group
at first not as I expected then
when I arrived the call was
proud very happy and nothing now
I'm here I'm happy
the excitement of the past is almost complete
at the end of the withdrawal, therefore, that la
we can leave aside whoever did it
important in these days I know that
jonathan has adopted you a little because
also through public messages has
let it be known that they were very close
Jonathan is like my brother
here we are always together in the evening at
morning and as if I were his brother more
small now now as soon as we return to
milano I also go with him there
I stay at his adopted house that is not
which one says I rely on a big why
I also want to learn why it is not the
my role however I learn in the evening there
let's give you so much advice on
what needs to improve on how I should
to act on the attitude in the field
no no it really is a very good one
great person a great champion a
about your role for the few
who still do n't know you well how
you would present yourself with the features
I recommend not to miss the
description then predominantly
second point behind the tips
if I can even play outside
left to right then the coach decides
where I have to play, I like it so much
driblare come into the field
I have to improve a lot in the shot that is
pull in the door and that 's it
presentation of michael ventre with i
comrades of spring you have created a
nice group
satisfied i guess gassed it really is
we are always very hopeful
to continue so also with the
spring to try to win something
which is important to us however we are
behaving well they chose some
You are the only reference player
the lucky one via jonathan like
master as a guide the only lucky one is
true because I am also a very one
opened there was immediately by him has us
put to speak you try inter channel a
only 4 euros for seven days and then six
free to decide whether to subscribe for
buy for all information
press the first row of your button
TV remote
go to sky.it or call 19 9 11 44 00
try inter channel and then choose sky
free of